
V2.1.0 ~ Speech recognition
Tomes of Meditation Book 4.0
Block 0

Old Trends:

Sometimes the world just contains our essence and utilizes our findings for its own need,
Imagine only having a mind and no body, just the ability to relax while pondering under the scope of an oblivion.

Block 1 25% 755 unchecked replay.

Whilst I lay Wondering if the world is alive and conscious seems pointless, without this ponder.
I or another could say mother-nature is just a myth or fairy tale we tell to pass the time and ease the burden of an always curious brain.

I won't though, nature is alive we are conjured from the same materials of the mind of god and body of matter,
this includes trees, minerals and metals.

Block 2

The will of a higher being cannot sense as you and I unless within the kundalini tethered realm,
where the dead-spectres can walk amongst man within their shoes.

Every element is alive, even the cold kind without greenery.

Sure a stone doesn't think allegedly, and neither does a tree form a beacon into my third eye of which is our mindful element can present the impossible as commonly logical.

Block 3

Every different substance contains a vast sum of potential.
our biological presence radiates its own X-factor reminant, defining a deity as its own element.

Don't disrespect that element, if you do you'll begin a hairline fracture beneath the lucid element known for euphoria.

Block 4

Blessed to be on the land, which we stand.

sacred be the air we breathe,
gently and forcefully abundant.

Block 5

Air needs Stone, 
Oxygen needs Water,
Water needs Stone,
Stone needs Magma,
Magma needs Air,
Air needs Precipitation,
Precipitation needs Motion,
Motion needs Force,
Force needs Pressure,
Pressure needs Containment.

block 6

Without stone we wouldn't exist, possibly.
unless another element replaced stone and continued on its correlated chain of events.


Amongst the rebirth of all essences,

is a new trend awaiting more bountiful abundant and abrupt resources to begin a new era of a trillion year scavenge of resources of which to concoct with itself for self preservation as a subconcious mass-form.

block 7
