Each layer A.A. - Z.Z. is to be organized by content type.
Each layer serves as a placeholder, 


Index organized by content type and desired visual alignment.
Each story defines its content type, and if it is positive, negative, or multi-positive and multi-negative
Ex. T.T.T.T. categorized inside A.A. is conjoined via tomes search. So, an Alluring Aura draws you in right?
T.T.T.T. version defines a negative reaction indicator for the user is Toxic.
When the user is either reading along to the trance version, or just listening.
The name of the album / title / book / story / layer helps the user visualize the scenario at hand,
by utilizing one of the most potent corridors of their brain, which is activated during focus and creativity.
Humans are impatient by nature, we become anxious or distracted easily. 
This algorithm is designed to stimulate their cognitive creativity, either by sight, 
sound / both correlated to their overall focus for optimal user experience. 
Each layer will have binaural interaction, when the user reads the name,
when reading along with the binaural addition a trifecta will be activated hypnotically for the right user.
Each layer is designed to make the user think a lot. 
When the user thinks heavily simultaneously during the binaural interaction,
the corridors of their brain presently in an active state of thought should begin to merge,
this will cause the corridors to stretch.
By aligning sight and sound, their brain should react with the knowledge obtained and curiosity at hand.
Allowing the common hypnosis trigger word "relax" to suggest they start reading the words with their mind,
by visualizing them inside their minds 3rd eye.
Similar to counting sheep the user will gradually follow along with the words in a deeper subconscious layer.
As they multi-task in a calming state of mind they will fall deeper into the trance,
eventually they will have the effect of reading along inside their mind as they hear the words,
while it consciously is non-existant.



Additional information about the general user:

Certain words are more symbolic than others.
Each user has developed a unique subconscious trigger to words / phrases they have heard a lot, 
experienced good or bad scenarios that left impacted feelings on the brain which has stored deep down inside the cerebral cortex.

If the user is just waking up, their brain is at its best state. The heavier stories should be listened to early on i the day for the desired psychological journey they are being guided on to reach its potential.
Lighter stories should be used at night, additionally organize customized stories by night / day, as a button of day, or night require them to pick one. This will help align stories to the right purpose.
Allow users to search by the tags, (FO) Focused, (HC) Heart Centered, (MI) Mindfulness, (RE) Reflective, (VI) Visual. 
Add a button for them to click to insert the tag, EX. ask them if they want specific results with an advanced search function.

specific toggled on: (day)(FO)(HC)(RE)
returns: Day stories, with FO, HC and RE inside one story.

non specific toggled on: (day)(FO)(HC)(RE)
returns: stories containing day,FO,HC,RE inside



A.A. - Alluring Aura
T.T.T.T. Toxic To The Touch
B.B. Bright Beacon

C.C. 

D.D.

E.E.

F.F.

G.G.

H.H.

I.I.

J.J.

K.K.

L.L.

M.M.

O.O.

P.P.

Q.Q.

R.R.

S.S.

T.T.

U.U.

V.V.

W.W.

X.X.

Y.Y.

Z.Z.

|A.A.|B.B.|C.C.|
|    |    |    |
|    |    |    |
|    |    |    |
