Story 1. Gassly Universe

once a week I like to do dribbling meditation because I was born ambidextrous I find a rhythm that's easily connected to,.

By the repetitively bouncing curvature I see a glimpse, a universal form of this lightless ball as if a planet was just a hollow ball of gas within the galaxy.

With a proper angle on a massive bounce, the ball twists in the air once it bounces again the momentum stays on a steady pace, while reversing the initial clockwise bounce.

As I drift into this movement meditation stance I see a ball of gas flowing through a vacant galaxy compressed, cold with a gas in the bubble like aura.

The lightless core of this behemoth is actually rotating on an axis formed by an unseen blackhole within this dark vacant galaxy.

As this Lightless core rotates within itself another ball of gas the same weight, density and compression comes moving on a direct collision course rotating in the opposite direction.

These 2 lightless cores are balled up into one another, without any rotation this ball of frozen gases sits still, with no movement the gas begins to accumulate rather than separate.

As a million years passes my Frozen Core is now a massive liquid, ball of gas still sitting still... While other smaller CO2 like babies collide into this colossus, causing no friction and no substantial amount of movement.

Within a billion years, not a spark has ignited this massive clump of fuel, no chain to this colossus reaction at 1,000 the times it was just 999 Million years ago.

Within a trillion years the core is slowly rising its internal temperature due to its exceptional accumulation.

This behemoth has not been pulled into its blackhole, However the Black Hole Sun is creating a strong current allowing nothing on the outside to escape and nothing to dissolve.

This Black Hole Sun has been eating many of the CO2 Babies, nothing has filled this Black Hole Sun yet..

as vacant time accumulates these particles, a ball of nothing but fuel is sucked into the Black Hole Sun.

This Black Hole Sun has not been eating well, In fact its shrunken because of the Still net before it.

This Tiny black hole eats so much, so rapidly until it pops from within as all of the gas particles clog its narrow vortex hole.

The gas was easy to digest before, in small clumps the gas would decompress and thaw without erupting... at least within its galaxy.

This mindless beast has been dropping particles of who knows what, where!

Until now the small amount of gas particles where not filled with rich fluid, and as it happens not at all.

This black hole is soaked from concave to convex in fuel, and as it finally reaches the limits of any ingestion. Conveniently right in the center of this massive fuel bubble. 

All of the original fuel and gas that was ingested is now regurgitated right into the center of this colossus bubble.

The blackhole did not pop the bubble, instead it released an immense amount of air pressure as it is torn apart by stability. The black hole then pops from within causing a massive explosion at the core.

The ice cold gas mixed with the blackholes dense extracts right in the core jumpstart a massive perpetual motion like chain reaction causing this dense ball of gas not to just explode. but instead this creates a rippling effect of all of the former incoming projectiles.

This stars birth is concentrated from within, the largest reaction imaginable occurs a ball of liquid gas had an immense amount of pressure released in the center but due to an abundance amount counter compression but nothing ignites, Everything expands evenly.

This ball now has dense extracts rapidly rotating within its core, causing microscopic metallic particles 'released from the dense black hole' to accumulate, positive to negative.

As this magnetic particle continues motion all are separated from its host.

Another trillion years passes after the black hole sun collision, the current inside these magnets is reaching the outer layer of the earth due to a light pulse charges nothing has erupted still.

Even the black hole got stuck in a ball of sticky goo.

over the past trillion years more gas and dense particles have accumulated causing a shell of hardened crust, with rich fuel being purified due to a steady mixing like motion. This purification process removes the helium atom from the carbonated oxygen atoms. while the dense fuel accumulates and concentrates all on its own.

Finally, Light! far across the galaxy a small ball of burning rock is set to collide. 

After the collision, the fuse was not long enough. The rich breathable air and moisture on the outer layer help protect the core.

As the planet sits virtually motionless still, a black hole begins to pull this encrusted fuel bubble into a momentum.

The magnetic field begins to draw in more metals.

Across the galaxy on the opposite side of this black hole a star has been successfully born.

pulled into a rotation after 20 million years light begins to spread heat, and the core of this planet is extremely thick and fuel locked away in pockets where friction has allowed reformation without combustion.

the new star is set to cross paths with this new planet, once they do their magnetic fields are equally balanced, the force of this new planet draws the new star in closer and reverses the polarity until on a balanced course of the stars immense heat to gently draw it in and repel with solar magnetic radiation.

a billion years passes and there is life dwelling beneath the surface of this crust, in water that accumulated over time.

This life is just a festering bowl of germs and over time will begin to rapidly accumulate, accept a massive meteor is in a collision course for earth, The meteor gains speed on top of its momentum from when it was just a projectile, just barely blasting by the sun where it would've been incinerated crashing into earth.

As the crust cracks fluid begins to ignite rapidly, the entire top layer ignites a a matter of moments releasing tons of force, pushing the sun back to a safe distance, the fallout from this explosion rain down for thousands of years. The explosion itself pushed earths ozone out and removed an abundant amount of fuel with fire.

Underneath that layer is more fuel, while rain gets a jump start in the lesson of evaporation the earth still rotates the sun along with other planets with similar magnetic fields that resist attraction to earths  magnetic field.

the fire burns fast as it was light due to the filtration / purification process, and the core is ignited from within its own shell, rippling heat from within the atmosphere the magnetic field is fully charged and in a stronger state than before due to heat allowing the magnets to resist each other less.

After a few billion years life is flourishing, many new genetic makeups of germs have accumulated, allowing new and unique design of creatures to adapt within their environment and grow around it through life cycles.

after the previous explosion, all the top layer of rocks where blasted into powder, creating dirt, sand, powdered salt crystals.

allowing nutrients to break down inside a new climate while more crash into the surface.

Finally earths eco system is born as my basket ball stops spinning and I come back to reality.
