0% Type Checked
0% Speech Checked

Belongs_to Focus Visual Reflective
Inherits_from Guided, Kundalini

Clairvoyant Truth:

speech concept outline for fixed pronunciations v 2.1.0

Type: Guided Reed-along
(((#Beta Rules Embedded#)))

G.V.M. is raw power, an entanglement of true clairvoyance.

Guiding yourself on a journey requires an extreme amount of focus. Typically an object, scenary or aroma candle will suffice.

Meditation rarely comes with true access into the spiritual realm entangebly.

Where reading another mind is as simple as calculating a math problem with purely you're subconscious.

Spirituality is a word that defines us as a unity, It is not a being of conscious, but subconscious form that has been X-communicated.

Not just a way of thinking but a way of life to continue to exist.
Spiritual Meditation is what I believe to be a direct link to the Spiritual Realm.

A full trip with GVM occasionally will lead you into a 100% pure realm founded and sustained by love, a colorful, life-like awakening of your enhabitance not of this world.

After forging a world of your own without the distractions of bodily appendeges.

You can create the purest desire and visualize a new world solving said equation.

The spiritual realmcan never be used for hate and is monitored by our inner guiding light.

 which is actually embedded inside you're subconscious, our conscious only exist because of subconscious. Our sub-conscious is a direct tether to this specific plan, because we are of the same origin.

Find the corridor of your brain that does not physically exist and you'll be accepted into the kingdom of heaven.

If you are cut short in this life, and just flat out given the raw end of the deal.

The next rebirth will have a set of blue prints,
to that spiritual corridor and with those blue prints.

You'll have the choice of true clairvoyance in consciousness rather than clairvoyance being controlled by the spiritual guardians known as angels.

If you are lucky and do not wish to wait, in this life.

When you reach the spiritual corridor, you'll be given the option to meditate forever in heaven with all of the soldiers of god. 

But not locked into the realm, 
you'll always be able to partake again in the worlds of man, world of physical consciousness and mass.

God is a Conscious Mass, without a physical body, human bodies are given physical replication of a Conscious Mass, however Gods weightless Conscious Mass is far greater.

Some chemists would begin to assume that if mankind had a large energetic sum on some sort of planet, and an epic event happened directly inline.

Imagine a blackhole could open up directly into a mindfield, what if a mindfield was stabile with life, but at 10x he magnitude.

And conventiently over time the smallest black hole just barely capsizes around all of its curves because it spawned looking to pull in, but if it was larger it would've just pushed out and sealed up and a black hole would form somewhere else.

This rare occurance is formed when the 1 in 1,000 chance happens after only one attempt every thousand years possibly throughout all space.

If a static field uses magnets, purified chaged for such frail bodies weakened by radiation, makes sense.

We get a large sum of filtered energy. What if this 1 in 1000 chance with unknown name had another variable come into play with this equation?

What if this superior being and their summed mind field was strong enough to stop the black hole from scattering the colonies reminants, and core structure of a planet.

A planet that had a typhoon of suction emerge from beneath its seams.

Which continued to get stuck in its mirroring opposer a mind fields central current.

Without this baby blackhole 
morphing as so by:
Digesting, it cannot grow.
Suction, it cannot crush its meal.
Pressure, it cannot do its teleportation trick of equal pressure on a sphere all around that can take in a large sum of mass and space and cause it to funnel back into itself like a vein, or snake / muscle constricting.

By using this it quickly gets bumped behind its blanket of space.

This magic trick doesn't work every time, and over time he pressure needing to be released would greatly increase.

With an all powerful existance of humans, their mind fields and populations continued to grow.

After a trillion years of evolution, without any conflict such as illnesses, polution and gene mutations.

An all powerful network of minds, with no conflicts to force them to explore the entire region of space.


The only threat, the first real threat including meteors and all other conflicts that happen more frequently as we spiral inward another black hole over long gaps of time.

Is in the center of the earths core, nothing happens, until a billion years of presssure steadily pressing agains't their minds balance ruptures, causing all bodily life on earth to dispurse due to a spiritual filtration of pressure, a magnetic bond to a blackhole, an emplosion without combustion.

This surge was created for a greater purpose, The expeditions of Gods mindful eye.
This surge was created, either by a god for a god, or by no god for a god.

When this surge ruptured, ripples in a small pond breaking agains't the banks.

That is how far the surge went, all the way to where a barrier sends the frequency back.

This frequency, carries a signal, with DNA embedded in the subtance of the ripples atoms.



#block Addition above, 15% written speech test.
Written from mobile, added extra spaces for proper speech pronunciation of pauses.
Added layer to story, categorized as:

Guided, --- 80%
Focus, ---- 10%
Reflective, 5%
Visual, --- 5

Rules to table of content labels above

 Kundalini:
Belongs_to Base_5 (RE, VI, FO, MI, HC)
Inherits_from Spirituality

 Guided: 
Belongs_to Base_5 (RE, VI, FO, MI, HC)
Inherits_from Mentorship
The journey is depicted by the story teller.
Inspired by objects and purpose.

Base_5
Focusing: FO
Visualize: VI
Reflective: RE
Mindfulness: MI
Heart_Center: HC

 FO:
  A meditation stance with majority focus,
   Objects and Scenarios allow entrance.
    Distractions can be neutralized by applying 
    your focus elsewhere mindfully.

 VI:
  A meditation stance with majority visual, can be triggered after mindfulness which helps solve problems, reflective which helps find the problem at hand to begin with.

 RE: 
  A meditation stance where you reflect on choices you have made, typically goal / self improvement oriented. This is also known as Angka meditation, or Number meditation.


 MI:
  A meditation stance that takes place after or 
  during a problem solving thought, Reflecting on  
  on a choice adds great weight and frustration.
 If you make it past that frustration, or skip it 
 Entirely then you can mindfully meditate.

When you arise from a mindful state, you will feel less strain from time, become less anxious or prevent future anxiousness. 

  Depending on if you have other things to do, 
  Doing a mantra, Yoga or Kundalini meditation
  stance becomes a lot more enjoyable, leading to  
  A better Visual psychological realm journey.


 HC:
  A meditation stance where you mindfully focus on 
  your heart beat, is very soothing during RE 
  meditation.

With the power of combining consciousness and cascading subconsciousness, 
with a simple form of humanly wish the surge will be sent into the spiritual corridor where positively derived spiritual encounters rule and can send a message, a very powerful message guided by 100% love and 100% light. 

The insurance that the spiritual world will stay pure is foreseen, 
if there is any possibility of corruption or miss use of this Devine power,
The spiritually tuned being will subconsciously recall and return to the kingdom of Heaven until another brief encounter of true love is found by another angel and the wishful thinking is asked for the proper guidance of another again.

Within our spiritual realm we can reach any goal and thrive on Happiness forever, unless the feeling of guilt brings you back as an angelical enchanted human with the mission to save another from despair.

An angel is a form of rank, The true meaning of trust and pure love. Our human world is full of corruption and oddities that can shift the power of balance, 

Any angel returning to the human world will be faced with the thought of being corrupted and banished, or wrongfully imprisoned for what could be an eternity or until they are reached out to and saved once more.

Speculations of Hell encourage me to write this, 
I believe only the corrupted part of you're soul can be banished and the purity will be extracted from you're eternal essence. 

The thing I believe makes you unique and personally stand out as you're own maker is you're eternal essence.

An Eternal Essence is created or recycled, attached to a new born host and if that host is given the chance it deserves to thrive in an environment and successfully reaches the spiritual realm then a promotion is in order as your conscious and subconscious are strong enough to endure the next level.

After a being reaches the spiritual realm for the first time, a test is in order,
a test of their accumulated soul, within the essence a choice is made based on Positive and good intentions.
The memory of the spiritual realm is removed from the host but not forgotten.

The spiritual walkers must be certain once they give freedom of consciousness inside their spiritual realm, Each Spirit walker has been given the key into the kingdom of heaven, and is accepted into the high council where they decide if the soul was deemed worthy and if their will is strong enough to hold the weight of time itself within their mind.

The test is full proof and consists of the usual option, of good and bad. The being that reached the spiritual realm and saw the kingdom of light for the first time is brought into the Kundalini realm, a realm that is replicated identically to their personal thoughts, abilities and unique thought patterns.

Within their acceptance into the Kundalini realm the test is simple, its an infinite amount of possibilities,

created customary by the spirit walkers based off of every thought they had, positive and negative.

Each level of the kundalini realm is a harder choice,

and to become a conscious spirit walker in the realm they must pass the infinity test of love over hate every time,

because spirit walkers are the shape shifters of time they can run an infinite amount of test in a very short period of time, I know what you are thinking, infinite is unlimited so how could it ever stop?

its not a matter of the test never stopping, the test only stops when the host chooses the evil choice.

After which they *lose* and are returned to the human world,
and then the human will be presented with that same choice in reality and consciousness,

if they rewrite their own brain and beat their inner demon by choosing the good choice with the consequences of sacrifice they will be given the minds key into the kingdom of heaven.

The design of this test has many angles, one of which is only felt within reality and cannot be felt in full within the kundalini realm created by the spirit walkers, 

they feeling is a form guilt which can manifest into any inner demon . They leave the final test of their will power to reality, 

where the demons run rampant and the feeling is that of 100x compared to the one in the kundalini realm.

Only after reaching the Kundalini realm for the first time which is a direct tether into the spirit realm will the guardian angels of earth be able to initialize their ability to save you from the corruption that comes from choosing the good choice of self sacrifice.

a Self Sacrifice that'll set forth a chain of events in the minds eye of the subconscious bodies.


(G.V.M.) = Guided Visual Meditation
(M.M.) = Mindfulness Meditation
(T.M.) = Transcendental Meditation
