as I bask in my glorified new layer to in addition to my layerful aura,
I begin to drift thoughout my minds invisions of each individual color transcends a cataclysmic cloud-like cosmic reckoning.

Each journey that led me to this moment must be re-analyzed, 
down to every insignificant detail the patterns documented in my vessel will broaden my horizon of the next piece to my souls puzzle.
The tether has been broken, I seek what is unforeseen and I bask within its earthly essence. It is time to begin the crooked flow of flipping every stone that hasn't been turned from so long ago my internal clock can't remember.
A clock that is at a stand still is not a clock at all, but instead a portal to my subconsciously entertwined innerlight.
A beacon forged in energy, the north star to my journey. Accept the north star isn't leading me home, instead into the great beyond.
As I delve deeper, the unforeseen pattern begins to reveal itself just as it did when I started the first page to my auras previous chapter.
Something is off, last time the visions where vivid as if I could see the picture to my minds puzzle.
This time I move blinded by my inner beacon, the resistance of tethers doesn't exist. When I blow bubbles under my wavely wakes they do not rise to the surface which is my destination that I can't even see. Instead as I move foreward in my journey I gently feel them brush against my face as if they do not move after they are blown infront of me.
Without the picture to tbe puzzle how will I ever make it to the next stage of my ever expanding cognitive continuum.
I begin to meditate within the kundalini realm, In this psychological journey of sublime goals I face something newfound and breathtaking whilst emerged under breathable water.
I keep moving and I do not yet see the puzzle pieces, perhaps I am going the wrong way? Should I double back or keep going forward until I reach the end of the never ending line?
I can see myself now, my mortal body resting gently against a tree with a shady breeze. Maybe the puzzle piece isn't in this realm but back in the conscious realm.
As I begin to fade out of this realm, I feel like those bubbles brushing against me where not of my own. Is it possible a divine creature is waiting below me? I know now I am in the psychological realm, my brain did not inciminate me again without knowing my actual whereabouts, finally I have broken the first piece to the puzzle. As I begin to decide to swim down I immediately start to freefall, I feel like I stept into a giant bubble.
As I reach my destination of watching everything around myself in the conscious realm, through my subconscious mirror I find the first puzzle literrally against my back.
