contact author: tomes.co

Version 2

Thickening Transcendence:
Grappling throughout our earths core, is our mindfield.


Leaving a trembling shake in its wake,
the barrier that forged our fates and protected us with a divine shield that is unseen by any eye. 
our earths skeleton is much like the human eye.
A thin invisible layer of magnitud swaying,
that mixes in its perpetual spherical bowl.

from the outside a liquid layer is seen,
from the inside an invisible layer is felt.

and another invisible one mimics its motions unseen, one is in one is out, just as veins.

We see with both dark and light correlating together in a flowing mellow meadow of harmonious evolutions.


Why do we have two eyes, 
One is in one is out, however each syncs to both positive and negative simultaneously,
by following the opposing frequencies and flowing upwards resisting a tide of energy,
A vision is projected and inverted.

After a vision is perceived, each experience leaves its mark in a trail of reminants.


is it just a coincident or is the universe leaving clues that even it may not be aware of? 
To me, after awakening in the opposing eye is the state of trance and cognitive alignment to the spiritual realm.
In which we are blossoming here to obtain the right stature for acceptance into our heavenly depiction of existence.
The clue I speak of is the second eye, maybe the earth wants a sibling to help remove the absurd amount of negative continuums it accidentally drops into participation with.
If we are alive in this world, Alive in a spiritual realm then we have two eyes when conjoined create the paradox of purgatory within our mind, unless we break the state of rhythm we are held so tightly entwined to.
This paradox is known as the third eye, Contorted by deities and aligned by premonition contrived with weighty times.
Sometimes we acknowledge the gut feeling that we will be injured or derailed from the trails we have worked desperately to settle in.
Sometimes its just another feeling of which is triggered by fear, we must conquer our fears. However attempting to conquer primal fears and modern ones proves difficult whilst risky.
Inorder to thrive we must conquer the bad, to align with the good otherwise our existence is non existent in the eyes of our beholder.
Imagine a snow-globe, really hold the thought of the snow on the ground around the village and people, shake it up and calm down to the enjoyment of the snow falling slowly.
Now imagine the same snow globe, this time without the snow. This is a village of people with no purpose of the globe excluding the snow as well.
When we fail to explore the depths of the elements in full or at least try our best to form a hypothesis to ponder upon for our lifetime that will baffle ourselves we use the precious resource known to deities as the sands of time.
Just as all our resources require effort to find the location of, harvest and then process.
So do the deities, this is the common tether of alikeness that allows deity to guide man through their gaze of reflective organic globes.
This isn’t permanent nor painful it is liberating and unknown.
Both eyes conjoin to create center mass in which the third eye is invented and similar to a signal-homing beacon.
Without the dark, we cannot see into the world and the makers of the world cannot see into us, water is the original mirror in which man mirrors the surrounding traits.
We are hosted in real time, and with the right algorithm we foresee logical outcomes based upon our past experiences and witnessing another results.
All of our brains, auras and thought processes combined probably wouldn’t match the precision of a single deities notion intellectual supervision.
Our perception is limited and missing many puzzle pieces, each divine deity holds their own unique piece and when they are all united as one a 4D portrayal emerges However the time these deities spend on earth wasn’t enough to perform their perfect combination.
Why would they put the effort in? Maybe its a combination of boredom, desire, curiosity and binding fates.
Alchemy isn’t just a precise balance of chemicals, it is the precise time of precise chemicals in the precise environment.
What if they obtained undoubtable knowledge leading to the hypothesis of we create our own heaven, just as we construct our own residence?
We hold another beings time table in our hands whenever we are set to cross paths, the future isn't yet defined nor written in stone, we must proceed onwards for what is likely an eternity or close to the seal all fates.
